Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
He's looking! He's smiling!
He smiled at me!
Lane, we love you!
The whole world loves you!
He saw me. He smiled at me.
Do you see that?
He noticed me!
Lane, you're the best. The absolute best.
We love you! I love you!
Come on, Harry, don't give me that.
How many times you sell out
the arena in 24 hours?
That's because you never promoted
a Lane Kincaid concert before.
Bill, think we could play little tennis?
You know better than that, Lane.
Yeah.
I've been on the road so long I've probably
forgotten how to keep score anyway.
We talked percentages five weeks ago.
You didn't think the kid was big enough
then. That's your own tough luck.
Misrepresentation?
Harry, is it my fault that
you don't read the trades!
But you should have asked somebody
who's a little bit more with it!
Let me help you with that. It's no problem.
I was going in there anyway.
Easy with that!
He's not a piece of furniture, you know.
That kid in there is worth $2 million bucks.
We expecting somebody?
All right, hold it!
Lane, lock your door!
- What are you doing?
- Time to go for a little ride.
Where are you taking me?
To your just reward. Let's go.
To tell you how grateful I am,
it's impossible.
Well, the IADC is grateful, too,
Mr. Springfield.
Without your cooperation...
we could never have stopped
that attempted sabotage. Thank you.
Would that all dealings between
government and big business...
had such happy endings.
Daddy, you haven't done anything.
And you promised me you would.
The least you could do is drop your name
and make the police do something.
This is my daughter, Whitney.
Whitney, Diana Prince.
Hi, Whitney.
The government agent!
I never told you that.
I pick things up.
Aside from forgetting her manners,
and having very big ears...
Whitney is convinced
some young singing star-
Lane Kincaid.
One of her latest in a series
of desperate heartthrobs.
For some reason, she thinks
he's been abducted.
He has. I saw them do it!
Daddy, they're going to kill him
and it will be your fault.
Whitney, Miss Prince has a plane to catch.
And neither she, nor I, nor anyone else
has time for your nonsense.
Daddy, it's not nonsense.
I wish I could stay, Whitney,
but I do have to pack.
Say goodbye to Miss Prince, Whitney.
- Good-bye, Whitney.
- Good-bye.
I want to tell you again that I'm very
grateful for everything you did.
- If there is anything we can do to help-
- One thing, Mr. Springfield...
- Stop pushing me!
- Who's pushing you? Let's go.
- I am not exactly sleepwalking-
- Yeah.
So this is Mr. Lane Kincaid...
whom millions of young persons
admire and adore.
What a pleasure.
Wish I could say the same, but I can't.
That's quite all right.
After all, you have been kidnapped.
Your life is in my hands.
In other words...
you'd better keep me, alive,
well, and happy.
Because if you don't,
you don't get a cent. Correct?
And right now...
I feel like having a large steak.
Medium-rare will be fine.
Shall we accommodate the young man,
Mr. Morley?
Yes, sir.
Mr. Kincaid.
Don't you ever sit down in my presence...
without being asked.
Sorry. It was an accident.
Hi, Miss Prince.
Hi.
Whitney. Whitney Springfield.
We just met.
Yes, I know.
I found out from my dad's secretary
where you were staying.
- You were looking for me?
- Yes, I was.
May I call you Diana?
Sure.
The Brownfield Towers, on Rodeo Drive.
No, LAX.
I have to get to the airport, Whitney,
not Beverly Hills.
You heard what I said, cabbie.
Remember what I told you before?
Rodeo Drive, it is.
I told him I tip 30%, which I do.
Please, Diana, you've got to help me.
Lane's been kidnapped, he really has!
Now, there is no way somebody
that famous could be kidnapped...
without anybody knowing about it.
I snuck up there to get his autograph...
I saw a man with a mask and a gun
make Lane leave with him!
If he was kidnapped, even the police
couldn't keep it quiet, Whitney.
Maybe they don't know about it.
Please, Diana, find out for sure!
You're a spy. You can find out anything!
Please, I can pay for any trouble
I cause you.
I get a heck of an allowance.
I know. You tip 30%.
How much?
You heard correctly, Mr. Ripley.
$2 million.
I won't pay it.
With a Lane Kincaid concert
worth $1 million coming up?
And five gold records last year alone?
You'll pay, Mr. Ripley.
You'll pay.
He's in the penthouse on the top floor.
He's blond, good-looking.
Kind of longish hair, good-looking.
I know what he looks like, Whitney.
Make them let you see him.
Tell them you're with the government.
No, that might scare them.
Tell them you're a writer.
Why don't you leave that to me
and meet me back at the hotel.
- Okay.
- Right.
- Diana?
- Yes.
- Thanks.
- You're welcome.
Be careful.
$2 million!
Yeah, hello. Let me to talk to
the bank manager, please.
Mr. Overton. This is Ash Ripley.
I saw a man with a mask and a gun
make Lane leave With him.
I just saw him, Whitney.
Who?
Lane. He was in his room, as big as life.
As plain as day.
You couldn't have.
I saw them take him away at gunpoint!
Do you think I made it up?
No, I think you saw something.
You probably just misunderstood.
I didn't misunderstand.
I know what a mask is for
and I know what a gun is for!
I'm not a baby!
I didn't mean that, Whitney.
If you don't believe me, just say so!
I'm sorry.
No. Just forget it. I'm sorry.
Just forget about the whole thing.
Look, your bags are right there.
The room is paid for.
Just go on back to Washington.
You know, on the news...
they said that Lane had been
rehearsing all day for his concert.
Why do you think they'd lie like that?
And why would Lane be in his room...
when logically he would be rehearsing?
Okay.
It sounds suspicious enough to me
to do just a little bit more checking.
You guys could've at least let me
and my brother have some time to talk.
It's been 10 years, you know.
But then I guess that doesn't matter
to you creeps, right?
King me.
It wasn't Mr. Crichton's intention
to arrange a family reunion.
He dug up your brother,
so he could switch places with you.
Nobody knows.
Nobody but your manager knows
the real Lane Kincaid's been kidnapped.
You got that?
That's very smart.
I guess, your Mr. "Crockton"
must think he's hot stuff.
That's "Crichton. "
You're darn right, he's hot stuff.
If I told you the people in high places,
and I mean really high places...
he's kidnapped without anybody
catching on, it'd blow your socks off.
Not all of them were obliging
enough to have a bona fide twin...
waiting in the wings like you.
Yeah, well, Morley? You know what?
What?
Right now, I'd love to have a BLT...
on white, with extra mayo, lettuce...
corn chips...
and a root beer.
It would seem the game is over anyway.
Okay, you got it.
Didn't I tell you
to keep the curtains closed?
Sorry.
Now you, you've got an interview
in a half-hour.
You're kidding.
Some creep from the Tribune
didn't buy our rehearsal story.
Now, listen, not one word
about what's happened.
The same guys who brought you here
in that box...
they could just as easily take you out
in a coffin. You got that?
They promised me, if I did as they said,
they wouldn't hurt me or Melvin.
As long as I'm stuck with you,
you better start acting like Lane Kincaid-
Melvin? Who's Melvin.
Lane, sir. His real name is Melvin.
Mine's Michael.
I don't care if your names are
Punch and Judy...
and you were separated at age nine...
when the Alaskan pipeline blew
and washed away your igloo!
At the age of five,
when our foster parents-
I don't care.
From now on, you're Lane Kincaid.
Don't forget that.
- Yes, sir.
- Good.
- Trevor.
- Steve?
Diana, you at the airport?
No, Steve, I'm still in Los Angeles.
I thought that Springfield thing was
all wrapped up.
It is.
Listen, I'll tell you about it later.
Right now, I need some information.
Information? What kind?
Human-type or computer-type?
I think a little of both.
In that case, hang on.
I got a surprise for you.
Surprise?
Steve?
Try again!
Ira?
Affirmative.
The patch cable between Ira and the
phone company was completed yesterday.
You are the first to benefit
from its installation.
Imagine my delight.
What can we do for you?
Okay, fellas.
The subject is kidnapping.
Only the victim isn't missing.
One Lane Kincaid.
He seems to have been replaced
by someone else.
Any ideas?
The name Raleigh Crichton is associated
with a dozen rumored kidnappings...
in which the victim
Was replaced by a double.
Yeah, he and I ha ve crossed paths before.
Crichton supposedly arranges it...
so that only those closest to the victim
know there's even been a kidnapping.
It makes it easier for them...
to pay the ransom without
contacting the police or the FBl.
Rumor has it, he's been very successful.
He certainly found
a perfect double for Lane.
Because the Lane Kincaid concert
is tomorrow night...
it is logical that the ransom will be paid
and the victim returned before then.
His manager will probably make the drop.
I'll keep an eye on him. Thank you, fellas.
Keep in touch, Diana Prince.
Now that I've got your number, Ira,
you bet.
Bye.
Mr. Ripley?
I know that Lane has been kidnapped.
I'm here to help.
Mind your own business, lady.
That's how you can help.
Who are you?
That doesn't really matter.
You can't let them get away with this.
What I can't do is blow a concert
worth $1 million...
and you're not going to make me.
You see this?
From now on,
it's going to be in my pocket...
but it's gonna be aimed right at you.
Now you just move ahead,
towards that shack, okay.
Slowly.
Move it.
Move it!
Go ahead, come on! All right, stop here.
Something doesn't smell right.
Get in. Nice and easy.
- I'm trying to tell you-
- Come on, get in there.
Quiet!
You're making a mistake.
Keep quiet!
He got rid of the girl.
But I don't like it.
And neither Will Crichton. Abort.
Forget it, Mr. Ripley. The deal's off.
No!
No! Wait a minute!
I followed all the instructions
to the letter. It's okay!
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Floor it!
Help!
Over here!
Sorry, Wonder Woman.
You were interfering in my business.
This is no concern of yours
or anybody else's. Don't bother with that.
I mean, because...
I'm gonna tell you the truth.
Those phone calls from the kidnappers,
they were either long distance...
or ship-to-shore, you know.
I don't even know who they were.
And when you take that off...
I'm just gonna deny
there was a kidnapping.
So, there's no point, right?
After all we've done to make it easy
for him to pay the ransom...
that fool involved Wonder Woman?
Boss, we don't know for sure.
Ripley was just as surprised
as we were when she showed.
I suppose it's only fair...
to hear both sides of the story...
before taking final action.
Look, I had nothing to do
with Wonder Woman's being there.
There's been no double-cross, believe me.
As far as she, the police, or anybody else
is concerned, there's been no kidnapping.
Look...
let's arrange another drop. All right?
I'll bring the $2 million
any time, any place.
Let's make it soon.
So Lane can be fresh for that concert.
Lane is not going to be in that concert.
It looks like Michael is.
What?
It's about time you learned a lesson
about carelessness, Mr. Ripley.
I'll be in touch.
After tomorrow night.
Wait.
Without Lane, I'll be ruined.
You're gonna end up with nothing.
If you know he's been kidnapped
and replaced by his twin-
His manager refuses to report it.
If we go and make a fuss about it...
we might be putting Lane
in even more danger.
He's in danger, all right.
I thought the men who took him
were going to kill him.
Why do you say that?
Something the guy in the mask said.
How come they haven't cancelled
tonight's concert?
That's a very good question.
I don't suppose you have an extra ticket?
Yeah, I do. My housekeeper
was going to take me.
But will you go with me?
I would love to.
Great.
Now maybe we'll find out what's going on.
I got to do something.
I got it. Lip-synch.
He can lip-synch the songs.
You know what lip-synch is?
- Yes, sir.
- Good.
Great.
All right. Now you just fake it.
You move your lips to the records.
Do you know all of Lane's songs?
Every red-blooded American kid does.
No, sir. My foster parents
never let me listen to the radio.
Your foster parents.
Your loving foster parents
haven't even reported you missing yet.
Ripley, cool it.
I'm the only person here
who cares about you.
I'm the only one who can help you now.
The only one!
I want you to get on that stage tonight.
I want to you perform.
I want you to be Lane Kincaid.
I'm sorry.
Come here.
Can't you do something?
I can play a little guitar,
a little bit of singing.
Yeah?
Get a guitar. Terrific.
All right, look,
I'm gonna get you some records.
You're gonna memorize
the songs I tell you...
and practice your little heart out
on the guitar, right?
- Yes, sir.
- Right.
Hot dogs here!
All right, now. You feel all right?
Don't be nervous when you get out there.
Just remember everything.
Lip-synch, okay?
All right. Wait a second. Hold on.
All right, you look great. Go ahead!
I think I'm gonna be sick.
He looks just like him.
Do you suppose we're wrong?
Do you suppose that's Lane, after all?
We'll know as soon as he starts to sing.
He's faking it.
I guess we know now
why they didn't cancel the concert.
These kids don't blow a month's allowance
just to see someone move his lips.
Even if he does look just like Lane.
You pulling out?
You better believe it.
Me and the advance money
are moving to higher ground.
Give him a chance. Hear him out.
The only voice I want to hear is an
airline pilot welcoming me in to Chicago.
I'll wire the money I owe you
when I get there.
You ought to at least
hear him long enough.
Don't use up all your strength, you know.
You're gonna need it for your new buddy
when the people out there kill him.
This audience isn't going to put up with
canned music any longer.
If I was him, I'd start running now.
Get off the stage!
Cut the tape, please.
Are you lip-synching?
No more tapes.
I guess it's time for real music.
This is my kind of stuff.
His music is different, but it's good.
It's really good!
Which could be bad for Lane.
Really bad.
He's as good as Lane.
I tried to tell you.
He's as good as Lane!
He's what?
Yes, sir.
Then he started doing his own stuff
and it's not bad. Give a listen.
Very well, Mr. Sampson.
Meet Mr. Ludwig as arranged.
I have some thinking to do.
What's going on?
Lane is, at this very moment, giving
the finest performance of his career.
What!
Lane's twin brother...
apparently is just as talented
as Lane himself.
Well, let's hear it for Michael.
I guess he fixed your wagon, "Crockton"?
I'd worry about your wagon
if I were you, Mr. Kincaid.
For you suddenly have become
about as useful to us...
as a dead duck.
What's the matter with him?
Why doesn't he call?
What's he waiting for?
He must have heard our kid went over big.
Yeah, sure, he went over big!
But he's not Lane!
It'll take years to get him to that place.
I want Lane back!
I want Lane and Michael.
There's nothing wrong with that.
I mean, I'm gonna pay.
Maybe the kidnapper figures
you got nothing to lose now.
Maybe he thinks you'll try a double-cross
if he tries to return Lane.
Come on. He's gotta return Lane!
What else is he gonna do with him?
No!
He wouldn't...
I'm afraid no brilliant alternative
occurred to me during the night.
The boy is just...
too great a liability.
Alert Sampson and Ludwig.
We'll dispose of him at the yard.
Yes, sir.
Look, Sergeant, I want to speak
to your superior.
Hello?
Cops wouldn't believe you?
Are you kidding?
After that concert last night?
What have I done?
There's gotta be somebody
that can help us.
Wait a minute.
There was this lady at the junkyard...
She knew about the kidnapping.
But I don't where to find her.
I don't even know who she is.
Whitney, we traced your steps.
Okay.
You have got to remember
what that man said...
- when he kidnapped Lane.
- I'm trying.
Think.
He must have said something.
Something that made you think
they were going to kill him?
Lane said something like,
"Where are we going?"
And the man said something like...
"To get what you deserve...
"To get your reward...
"your just reward. "
That's it!
He said:
"I'm taking you to your just reward. "
That's what made me think
they were gonna kill him!
But if they weren't going to kill him...
why would they say that?
They must be talking about
where they're holding him.
They took him where?
His manager said...
that the phone calls sounded
long distance, ship-to-shore.
"Your just reward. "
Operator? This is an emergency.
Get me the Coast Guard.
The name of the boat!
Maybe.
Just maybe.
Let's go, kid. Your singing days are over.
In fact, it looks like
all your days are over.
Didn't Crichton talk to Ash?
It's too risky. What can I say?
In my business, these things happen.
Come on.
Let's go.
Thank you, Captain.
Good.
I'll be waiting.
What'd they say?
There is a boat out of Marina del Rey
called Your Just Reward.
And the Coast Guard is trying to locate it.
Do you think they've killed Lane yet?
Well, from what my boss in Washington
has told me about the kidnappers...
if they haven't killed him yet...
it's only because Crichton
hasn't figured out...
the tidiest possible way to do it.
Skyview 3 to Central.
They are now in a gray sedan...
license number 247 PCE.
Yes?
That's right. What've you got?
Well, do you know where they're heading?
Okay, well, please, keep me posted.
Thank you.
What's happening?
They've got Lane in a car,
headed away from the ocean.
And the police are after them.
Let's get going.
We're not doing any good here.
- Maybe there'll be a-
- You're going home, young lady.
No, Diana.
Listen, Whitney.
Whatever does finally happen,
I don't want you involved.
Diana, please.
I'll go. But you gotta promise
to call and keep me posted.
I promise. Now go.
Mr. Ludwig should be ready by now,
don't you think?
We'll soon find out.
Ludwig will lose them in no time.
Good.
Then let's take care of
our immediate problem...
so we can join him at the airport.
What do you mean, you lost them?
Well, have you any idea
where they're headed?
Thanks, anyway, Lieutenant.
The junkyard.
Oh, no.
It won't even turn over.
You should always take a taxi
when you have to get somewhere.
What're we gonna do now?
You are going to listen to me,
young lady...
and do no less than what I tell you.
Now, I want you go over to that store,
call the police...
and tell them to get out to the junkyard
at Washington and 89th immediately.
And then you stay put. Promise.
What are you gonna do?
I am going to call your father
unless you promise.
Okay.
Go.
Let me show you something.
How do you like your new manager so far?
He's great but I miss Ash, you know?
But he couldn't handle
the kidnapping thing too well.
The police and the FBl weren't too thrilled
with his behavior, either.
There you go.
I don't know about you,
but this girl saved my life.
She deserves more than an autograph.
And if it weren't for her,
we'd never be together again.
Lane. Michael. Let's go!
Well, it's good seeing you again, so long.
Thank you very much for all your help.
And it was nice meeting you, Miss Prince.
Break a leg, guys.
I may as well die now, Diana.
What?
I have nothing left to live for.
Well, how about
a hot fudge sundae after the show?
With peanuts?
The works.
You're on!
English
Shared by http://DJJ.HOME.SAPO.PT/
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org